# CS-300-Data-structures
Module and design
During the projects in the course, I had the biggest problem putting togetehr all the pieces from each module. I understood what was required but it was hard for me to understand the whole of the parts. To help with the issue I went back to the very beginning and pieced through each moudle to pick out important bullet points from each one. It was also difficult to choose which data structure would be best for use for these projects as I thought that each type was a good method to use. Arranging data in specific structures is helpful when trying to save time and also helps when the data needs to be manipulated. These structures save time, enregy, and resources. 
During each project I encountered road blocks that were unavoidable. I hard hrd times with the code not working, and then going back to change the code and keeping track of the changes. In the very beginning, it was difficult to try and find the best IDE to write the code in since I was using MACOS and not windows. I was finally able to get through that issue by just using the Eclipse IDE on the virtual server but it was slow moving. 
This work has improved my coding skills and the way I organize my work. It has helped me to better place items in particular areas to develop the necessary programs. My work during these projects has also helped me to write better code due to the use of the data structures that are available to use. These structures help organize and place large amounts of data into more structured algorythms, therefore making it easier to understand and delpoy the code to make the proper output.
